Website docs: Add release versioning strategy, cadence (#1107)
microsoft/cadl: packages/website/src/docs/setup/releases.md

---
id: releases
title: Releases
---

# Releases

## Package versioning strategy

> Cadl is not stable yet, all packages are released with `0.` major version. Each minor version might have some breaking change to the cadl language, library API or both. Those are documented [here](https://github.com/microsoft/cadl/tree/main/docs/release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cadl is not stable yet, all packages are released with `0.` major version. Each minor version might have some breaking changes to the cadl language, library API or both. Those are documented [here](https://github.com/microsoft/cadl/tree/main/docs/release).
```

> Every changes to the `main` branch are automatically published under the npm `@next` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every change to the `main` branch is automatically published under the npm `@next` tag.
```

| [tmlanguage-generator][tmlanguage_src]          | [Changelog][tmlanguage_chg]  | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tmlanguage-generator)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tmlanguage-generator)                       | ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tmlanguage-generator/next)            |

[compiler_src]: packages/compiler
[compiler_chg]: packages/compiler/CHANGELOG.md
[rest_src]: packages/rest
[rest_chg]: packages/rest/CHANGELOG.md
[openapi_src]: packages/openapi
[openapi_chg]: packages/openapi/CHANGELOG.md
[openapi3_src]: packages/openapi3
[openapi3_chg]: packages/openapi3/CHANGELOG.md
[versioning_src]: packages/versioning
[versioning_chg]: packages/versioning/CHANGELOG.md
[prettier_src]: packages/prettier-plugin-cadl
[prettier_chg]: packages/prettier-plugin-cadl/CHANGELOG.md
[cadl-vs_src]: packages/cadl-vs
[cadl-vs_chg]: packages/cadl-vs/CHANGELOG.md
[cadl-vscode_src]: packages/cadl-vscode
[cadl-vscode_chg]: packages/cadl-vscode/CHANGELOG.md
[tmlanguage_src]: packages/tmlanguage-generator
[tmlanguage_chg]: packages/tmlanguage-generator/CHANGELOG.md

## Release cadence

We release changes from all packages the first week of every month.

> You can look at the millestones https://github.com/microsoft/cadl/milestones to see upcoming changes. Millestone are named after the target release month (i.e `[2022] October` is the sprint running in september targetting a release in the first week of october.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can look at the millestones https://github.com/microsoft/cadl/milestones to see upcoming changes. Millestones are named after the target release month (i.e `[2022] October` is the sprint running in september targeting a release in the first week of October.)
```

## Breaking changes migration guides

> Release notes describing the breaking changes and how to migrate can be found in this folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release notes describing the breaking changes and how to migrate can be found in this folder:
```
